chore: update PR template for private links (#2877)
autowarefoundation/autoware: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/standard-change.md

## Related links

> <!-- Write the links related to this PR. If there are private links, write they are, e.g., TIERIV INTERNAL LINK. -->

Reviewer: Like this?

https://developers.google.com/style/word-list
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31987104/191217065-2f8d4f15-0e30-4986-8eba-e16b24fd651b.png)

```suggestion
<!-- Write the links related to this PR. Private links should be clearly marked as private, for example, 'TIER IV INTERNAL LINK'. -->
```

Author: Thank you!

> <!-- Write the links related to this PR. Private links should be clearly marked as private, for example, 'TIER IV INTERNAL LINK'. -->

Reviewer: Sorry, I should have written a URL.

```suggestion
<!-- Write the links related to this PR. Private links should be clearly marked as private, for example, '[FOO COMPANY INTERNAL LINK] https://example.com'. -->
```

Reviewer: By the way, it might be better to remove TIER IV.

Reviewer: @shmpwk I'm sorry, could you check it again? :pray:

Author: How about 

```
'[FOO COMPANY INTERNAL LINK](https://example.com)'
```
instead of 
```
'[FOO COMPANY INTERNAL LINK] https://example.com'
```
??

Reviewer: Yeah, it's fine. I'll leave it to you.

Author: Reflected by
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/pull/2877/commits/19f09dbbafbb854cee8f4d34263004cb6ba5c163
